Good afternoon family How are you?
Well, I hope you're having a
fabulous day. I'm going to make this video
provisionally, let's call it that. I'm not
going to make this video with my cell phone. I'm
telling you provisionally because later in
the afternoon I'm going to be making several
pretty powerful videos on this topic.
Okay, and I'll probably record the news and
so on. I'm going to get to work. I'm
going to get to work now. In the
morning, I haven't been able to do anything today
because I had to be with the boy.
But it's true that it's good. I just
tweeted it as well and I have to tell you about it
here. I have to remind you about it
here because in my opinion, in my opinion,
okay, it's the news of the day and nobody is
saying absolutely anything. I mean, I
'm not seeing a single headline in the press nor
am I seeing other youtubers or
bloggers or anything reporting this news. And I
think that this channel, for example, which we
started with the
Rocío Carrasco docuseries,
we have the obligation, we have the
professional obligation to report this
headline today. I mean, it seems hyper, mega, hyper,
mega
obligatory. Why? Because today,
November 28th, and I have to be honest, no.  It's not
that I was keeping an eye on the
date or anything like that but I
remembered because I saw a video the other day by
Albert Domenec our colleague Albert and
Albert gave the date and then well well
then I already had it more
recent no because Albert remembered and
today is the day in which the
legal process of Rocío Carrasco against
Antonio David Flores for
gender violence ends, that is to say today is definitive, the
file is now closed and Rocío Carrasco will never again be
able to have this case open okay the
case It's not that the case was open It
was not admitted eh to trial no there was no
evidence of crimes therefore no no it was not
even taken to
trial eh And well here the issue is in
several questions that I'm going to remind you
now I'll tell you during the day I will make more
videos on this subject and we will discuss it
with a clip we will discuss it in depth but
more than anything I wanted Well then to start
eh the non-media debate that today we
talk about this
when normally okay or I mean
normally HM generally
apparently when a case of a woman
against a man for gender violence is
not admitted  process because there are no
indications of crimes, no, and a trial is not held,
instead of it being
definitively filed, well, what is usually
done, I understand, is uh, to put it in a
state called
provisional dismissal, okay, the free dismissal
is like the definitive file, uh,
That case can no longer be touched, okay, and the
provisional dismissal envelopes is that it can be
appealed, it can be opened, let's say, no, this
state of provisional dismissal is
done in these cases, there are other
criminal cases in which there are no other
criminal cases in which, well, you have, maybe
an appeal, a case or whatever, boom, and
out and it is filed, okay, but in this
case, regarding the issue, what is it? Well,
provisional dismissals are left for
a few years. Listen, in case they suddenly made a
mistake and a new clue comes to light, and hey, it
's a case, we're not talking about a
serious matter, no, and to give
the woman a chance to defend herself, Rocío Carrasco, she
has not exhausted all the resources she
had, okay, if I'm not mistaken, she
could still appeal once more, what happens
is that, of course, to be able to appeal once
more she would have to have some clue or
some fact  new or some new evidence
that could not be provided as far as
I understand
H the last resort that was taken was that
supposed suicide attempt has not been used again
although it has been
said that well with the docuseries they were
almost going to put Anton in jail
eh the last resort was that and now it is no longer No, she has
not had the possibility of doing it
anymore why Because it has to be a
new fact Or it has to be
new evidence that could not be provided eh
I have already explained it on many
occasions and I always give the example The
craziest example is worth the example that is not
going to happen but the craziest example not
for her to be able to reopen it
let's say it would have to be that Antonio
David commits something crazy, shows up at
the door of her house and threatens her or
threatens her on the phone and records it No,
she knew perfectly well that there was no
possibility of even using that
last resort that the law allows her
eh she knew it very well that is why when she has
no other choice they do this
docuseries killing two birds with one stone,
not on the one hand what they will have paid her
for  do it and on the other hand the
media trial they do a
media trial as I already explained to you and now
time has proved me right again they
do a media trial because they know
that the real trial the trial by the
courts is not going on
So as you have nothing to do
this is done very often not when
you have nothing to do by law Well there is
a media social trial not a
media condemnation and and that's how it has been No
now it would be good to remember later that I will
probably do it for a video not
later or for tonight
live because all the times they have
said that the case is that it is about to be
reopened but let's go the ridiculous
Carlota corredera and all the ridiculous ones
around them who said they were going to
take as a witness the driver the
cook and I don't know who you cannot
take a witness no you cannot reopen
a case with a witness that you could have
taken from the beginning and
besides you cannot take eh You cannot
take as a witness to a case a witness
who is supposed to have seen something 20
years ago when what you are demanding
Rocío  Carrasco is that Antonio
walks through the Plato
okay This is like this okay and then I
understand the opinions that other
colleagues have of course and respect okay
I understand the opinions that
other colleagues have that Antonio
David does not stop it is that Antonio David all
the issues that he has are roso Carrasco It is
that he has done a lot of hammering he has
done a lot of hammering for many years
on television dishes
Perfect perfect the guy has exploited the issue
the guy the issue has gone through all
the sets that he wanted moreover not
talking about his ex And such But I have
always said this is not
gender violence for me it has been a
media battle between the two okay in which the
two have screwed each other each in their own
way
and and we cannot call this
abuse okay we cannot call we cannot
put the same label we cannot
put a label that is the
same as for example the lady
who rest in peace Ana Orante who
seems to me to be losing respect for the label
okay we cannot call a man an
abuser because he is fighting
in the media with  the ex-wife who
has also gone to the press who
has also started the fight and when she
starts filing lawsuits for the right to
honor instead of speaking directly she
speaks through third parties we cannot
call that abuse V now
you can agree or
disagree with Antonio Avid you can even
think that he goes too far that he
only talks about his ex that he goes around
all the sets and that he only knows how to
sell cover all those things I
understand Okay but it is not gender violence
for me gender violence for
me is
something a few steps
higher okay
and nothing simply well that we should
remember all the times they have
lied to the audience because in the end they have
lied to the audience no and it is a
deception saying that with the docuseries they
were going to reopen a criminal case How are you going to
reopen a criminal case Because you make
a gossip show that the docuseries
is a gossip show you are not going to
reopen a criminal case Carlota
corredera because you are making a
documentary everything that you are bringing out
in the documentary has already been presented by Roso
Carrasco the judges said  that this
is not gender violence,
that if she wants to go through civil
lawsuits, let her file them and that is what she has
done, eh, that no HM has won either, it
is that I remember a phrase from
Carlota Corredera saying the docuseries
sheds a lot of light and since the docuseries
sheds a lot of light the case is going to be
reopened during the first
docuseries, they said it many times and
during the second docuseries, eh, the
same, not with the driver, with the other one, no, no, it
's that they are all going to act as witnesses, they are all
going Ah, act as witnesses, well that's it, well no, they are no longer going to act as witnesses, they are no longer
going to act as witnesses, this is
something that they knew that they were
lying to the public who believes it, right, well
that is what has happened,
okay, basically
no, there is no definitive case,
okay, and they can stop holding on
because it is true that during
these 3 years they have held on a lot. Ah,
Antonio, it is still not
filed, eh, it is
provisionally dismissed, that means that they are
there waiting, they are there, there, there, they are there waiting, it is
no longer
valid. You can't even go back  to report
nor can you go back to anything because the thing
played has already happened Okay See you later
Okay family A big kiss I love you
so much later we'll talk more
calmly a big hug
have a nice day